[Intro – spoken]
Yeah…
Can’t have both forever, right?
That’s what they say

[Verse 1]
Phone buzzin’, block hot, shorty textin’, “Where you at?”
I’m in a car with the homies, knees touchin’ the strap
Heard a rumor ‘bout a lick, they say it’s easy, no risk
Same time she in my ear like, “Baby, let’s talk ‘bout the kids”

She want dates, I want digits, she want vows, I want vests
She want Sundays in the park, I want Mondays with a check
I’m addicted to the feeling when the play go right
But I’m haunted by the thought of her alone at night

She be prayin’ that the phone don’t ring with bad news
I be prayin’ that the plug don’t flake on my moves
Got respect on the block, they salute when I slide
But that love in her eyes hit different inside

She say, “I want you, not the story that you tryna create”
“I want a man that’s alive, not a name on a gate”
I laugh it off, but when I’m quiet, that truth cut deep
‘Cause the streets never promise that they let you leave

[Hook – sung/rap]
I’m stuck in the middle, tryna choose a lane
Love in your arms or respect in the game
I want you and the money, but I know that’s greed
‘Cause I might lose your heart or my life to the streets

If I stay, do I lose my soul?
If I go, do I lose control?
If I change, will they think I’m weak?
If I don’t, you might never sleep

Love vs. the streets, who gon’ win tonight?
One got warmth, one got cold blue lights
I want both, but I’m scared to see
I might lose it all tryna keep these dreams

[Verse 2]
You say, “Every time you leave, I feel death in the air”
“I can smell it on your hoodie when you come from out there”
Gunpowder, cheap cologne, lies on my tongue
Talkin’ ‘bout “just business” when I’m riskin’ our young

I remember when we met, I ain’t have no shine
Just a kid with a notebook and a 9 to 5 grind
You ain’t want me for the chain or the car I drive
You just loved me for the way I tried to stay alive

But the block gave me clout that I never had before
Fast cash, fast women, fast way to feel more
All the “bro, you that dude” started feeding my pride
While your tears in the dark got ignored by my grind

Now I’m sittin’ in this trap, countin’ bills, feelin’ numb
Thinkin’ ‘bout that small apartment where we started from
Where the couch had a tear but your laugh filled the room
Where we dreamed ‘bout a future, not a name in the news

[Hook – sung/rap]
I’m stuck in the middle, tryna choose a lane
Love in your arms or respect in the game
I want you and the money, but I know that’s greed
‘Cause I might lose your heart or my life to the streets

If I stay, do I lose my soul?
If I go, do I lose control?
If I change, will they think I’m weak?
If I don’t, you might never sleep

Love vs. the streets, who gon’ win tonight?
One got warmth, one got cold blue lights
I want both, but I’m scared to see
I might lose it all tryna keep these dreams

[Bridge – internal conflict]
Homies say, “Bro, you trippin’, this the only way out”
She say, “We could leave now, find a whole new route”
Block say, “We need you, you the heart of the plan”
God say, “You can’t serve fear and still call yourself a man”

I see handcuffs in my future when I stare at this cash
I see wedding rings glisten when I picture us last
I see sirens in my thoughts when I’m ridin’ at night
I see kids in your eyes when you hold me tight

[Verse 3]
Last run, that’s what everybody say ‘fore they fall
“Just this one big hit, then I’m done with it all”
But the streets got a memory, they don’t let go
You either fade or get faded, that’s the way it goes

So I pull up to the spot, heart heavy, palms slick
Thinkin’ ‘bout you on the bed, scrollin’, fearin’ this risk
In my head, you ask, “Is the money worth my tears?”
And the answer hit my chest like the end of my years

So I text you: “I’m done. I’m comin’ home right now.”
Turn the car, leave the block, feel the weight somehow
Homies callin’ me soft, say I switched, say I ran
But I’m choosin’ you and breathin’ over dyin’ for a brand

When I walk through the door, you don’t say no speech
You just cry in my hoodie like you finally can breathe
And I know it ain’t magic, we still got some fights
But I chose our love over cold street lights

[Hook – final]
I was stuck in the middle, had to choose a lane
Love in your arms or respect in the game
I wanted both, but I learned that need
Would’ve cost your heart or my life to the streets

If I stay, I might lose my soul
If I leave, I might lose control
But I’d rather feel scared and free
Than lose everything tryin’ to please these streets

Love vs. the streets, I made my choice tonight
You my peace when the world ain’t right
I let go so I wouldn’t lose
You and my life for a life I’d bruise